hey everybody its Kane this is my
basement it's really messy it's actually
really disgusting here's my set up I
thought I'd share my setup so that's my
tiny TV there's my macbook going over
there nah let's stop pinging the server
there's my 32 inch HDTV sometimes I have
that hooked up to my macbook martyring
the server um what else so have where's
my look here so here's my computer from
before it's my skew 6600 it's pretty
crappy appear almost four gigs around
yeah it was one of the first that had
ddr3 it has ddr2 and ddr3 also on it
it's really old i overclocked to three
point three gigahertz oh here's my Intel
whatever this is called whatever um SSD
you can't think by the way in real life
I'm just as crazy as not being able to
think here's my new computer it's
friggin huge don't know if I have enough
light on here I'll turn on the light his
iphone has light on it hopefully that's
not too bright for you guys so here's my
new see if I tilt it like that if it
doesn't shine as much 8 150 watts power
supply and tech yeah look at these fans
by the way give you an idea my hands
really dirty but whatever I have a big
hand there 200 millimeter fans so yeah
they're pretty ridiculous
there's another thing up here maybe
beggar I don't know isn't that fan big
there's a finger on it is either 200 or
beggar it looks like at 240 or something
I don't know if they do something like
that big and here's a standard what is
that 140 there the side there's another
200 back there and then I got a cool
Master fan here and that's six gigs
around I've slot for another three dim
so there's six slots it's got wheels on
it yeah pretty awesome let's get it on
its side here USB 3 what is that SATA
firewall or federal firewire normal USB
and mic and headset crappy cd-rom drive
or do I call it OEM or whatever let's
see what else I got with this puppy I
just finished putting the video card in
there that is a 60 what was it 68-70
that's what that is gigabyte 6870 the
nice card it's actually really good I
think but is this is the first time I
had a case this sauce is huge I mean it
has wheels look at the power supply it's
tiny compared to the case so what do I
have with accessories here
get myself cheap mass cost me like 58
bucks I think another GT board here g15
here is the my video card let's get good
bite it's not bad three year warranty
they're pretty good Oh what else we have
here oh here's the motherboard box and
go mash up and hopefully this ought to
write for you seem like it right my
iphone 4 by the way power supply box
plus extras in here fancy looking box
and my processor there you go let's tilt
it so you don't get the glare i guess a
girl like that it's hard to tell that i
7 950 nice processor anyways oh don't
want to give you that Cyril information
not like it means I think and yeah
that's it so again this is my little
walk computer area it's kind of crappy
I'm in the basement and yeah it's it's
nothing fancy my that was my what are
these call these speakers i forget what
they're called visa logitech i forget
what it's called anyways over time the
base gets worn down because i can't put
my feet up because it sits back there so
yeah my monitor sucks you can't really
see anything with it all you can kinda
it's like Greece over time you eat food
and stuff and you can see smeared grease
on the monitor and you wipe it in and
that doesn't come out anymore so my next
you know when I saving more money it's
going to be
a new monitor and again there's my TV
yeah and oh look for this here let's do
this properly you guys are wondering how
do you know it's candy das all the time
boom or is it just like two seconds ago
started to scroll up with all the things
oh maybe didn't get d dost I thought I
just did no it looks like it's been good
scrolling up by the way oh oh it did get
d dost here see thats when the gut
hopefully against better guys saw i got
a guy working with me we're working
helping out forget what his name is and
he slowly he started with the isp we're
gonna block some ports and stuff like
that so hopefully we get things going
anyways yeah that's my Knut pier and
hopefully I get it all hooked up and
formatted soon you have to go find some
hard drives couldn't afford any new ones
so anyways yeah i just thought i'd give
you a little tour of my thing and
hopefully this shows up okay when i put
it online what a good one guys